web application for student enrollment. There are admin, service and student user types. Admin sets data on education levels (namely bachelor, master studies), educational institution (name, address, phone numbers, current bank account number), as well as study programs that it has accredited (accreditations are valid until the specified date and school year of enrollment). Every school year, there is the possibility of defining enrollment deadlines for a school year, which data includes the name and surname of the head of the admissions committee. For each school year and study program, the number of candidates accepted on budget and self-financing per each major - study program, as well as the ranking modes whose values in points will be applied to rank the registered candidates for students. Ranking modes contain a list of ranking criteria, e.g. success as an average grade in the range of 2.00 to 5.00 in the 1st year of high school, 2nd, 3rd and 4th year of high school and in the entrance exam of a certain name (e.g. range from 0 to 60 points), with factors of multiplication of the values of those criteria to form the final sum of points for ranking the candidate (successes from 1st to 4th year of high school e.g. with a factor of 2, entrance exam with a factor of multiplication 1, for a total maximum sum of 100 points) Admin can define new ranking criteria and assign them to ranking modes, which he also defines and assigns as possible for enrollment in a specific study program. The service can enter information about the student candidate (name, surname, date of birth, social security number, parents' first and last names, phone number, e-mail address, a username and password are generated for him to access his data), and information about the completed study program of the previous level is selected from the list, i.e. the name of the major and the institution where it was completed, as well as the year of commencement and completion; and about his application: he chooses from the list the enrollment deadline, the study program to which he is applying and the ranking mode, activates the generation of ranking criteria for each candidate based on that and fills in the values of those criteria for the student candidate application). The service can generate a report in PDF or Excel format of the ranking list of registered and accepted candidates, which is signed by the president of the admissions committee. Admin can also do everything that service does. The student can see information about his application for enrollment and about the rank number in the ranking during the enrollment period of the application.
